README.md, before:

# linux-configs
This repository is created to publish configuration files of some software in linux.

### Configs "installation"

The installation of the configs is very simple. You must run:
```
git clone https://github.com/ToniIvars/linux-configs.git
cd linux-configs
cp -r alacritty ~/.config/alacritty

cp -r qtile ~/.config/qtile
cd ~/.config/qtile
unzip wallpapers.zip
unzip layout-icons.zip

rm layout-icons.zip wallpapers.zip
```
### Alacritty installation
To install Alacritty, you can refer to [Alacritty Installation](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty/blob/master/INSTALL.md) or run `sudo snap install alacritty --classic`.

### Qtile installation
You can run different commands to install Qtile in different distros.
- Ubuntu / Debian:
```
sudo apt install python3-cffi xserver-xorg python3-xcffib libpangocairo-1.0-0
pip install --no-cache-dir cairocffi
pip install qtile
```
- Arch: `sudo pacman -S qtile`

Once installed Qtile, you must create a **qtile.desktop** file in `/usr/share/xsessions`. To do that, you can run:
```
cd /usr/share/xsessions
sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/qtile/qtile/master/resources/qtile.desktop
```

### Default software
- Web browser: Firefox
- Code editor: Visual Studio Code
- File manager: Thunar

### Some dependencies
- dmenu
- light
- amixer
- iwgetid
- bluetoothctl
- nmtui
- feh
- picom
- system_updater and bluetooth_config (selfmade tools in this repository too, install in `/usr/bin/` and give execution privileges)
- Some [Nerd Font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads) ([SauceCodePro](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/download/v2.1.0/SourceCodePro.zip) as default)

### Notes
- You must set **nopasswd** privilege to apt in order to run the system_updater.
- system_updater tools is only for **APT**, you have to modify it to update automatically with other package managers.

Commit message:

Add picom config and info

README.md, after:

# linux-configs
This repository is created to publish configuration files of some software in linux.

### Configs "installation"

The installation of the configs is very simple. You must run:
```
git clone https://github.com/ToniIvars/linux-configs.git
cd linux-configs
cp -r alacritty ~/.config/alacritty

cp -r qtile ~/.config/qtile
cd ~/.config/qtile
unzip wallpapers.zip
unzip layout-icons.zip

rm layout-icons.zip wallpapers.zip

cp -r picom ~/.config/picom
```
### Alacritty installation
To install Alacritty, you can refer to [Alacritty Installation](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty/blob/master/INSTALL.md) or run `sudo snap install alacritty --classic`.

### Qtile installation
You can run different commands to install Qtile in different distros.
- Ubuntu / Debian:
```
sudo apt install python3-cffi xserver-xorg python3-xcffib libpangocairo-1.0-0
pip install --no-cache-dir cairocffi
pip install qtile
```
- Arch: `sudo pacman -S qtile`

Once installed Qtile, you must create a **qtile.desktop** file in `/usr/share/xsessions`. To do that, you can run:
```
cd /usr/share/xsessions
sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/qtile/qtile/master/resources/qtile.desktop
```

### Picom installation
To install Picom, you can refer to [Picom Installation](https://github.com/yshui/picom#build).

### Default software
- Web browser: Firefox
- Code editor: Visual Studio Code
- File manager: Thunar

### Some dependencies
- dmenu
- light
- amixer
- iwgetid
- bluetoothctl
- nmtui
- feh
- system_updater and bluetooth_config (selfmade tools in this repository too, install in `/usr/bin/` and give execution privileges)
- Some [Nerd Font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads) ([SauceCodePro](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/download/v2.1.0/SourceCodePro.zip) as default)

### Notes
- You must set **nopasswd** privilege to apt in order to run the system_updater.
- system_updater tools is only for **APT**, you have to modify it to update automatically with other package managers.
